Updating Kubernetes installation docs (#2562)
kubeshop/tracetest: docs/docs/deployment/kubernetes.mdx

<!-- ![Installer using docker compose](../img/installer/1_docker-compose_0.7.0.png) -->

Select `Using Kubernetes` and follow the instructions.

**Tools required (installed if missing)**:
- kubectl
- Helm

**Optionals**:
- [PokeShop demo app](https://github.com/kubeshop/pokeshop/). A sample microservice app to test your Tracetest installation.
- [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/). A trace collector, that receives telemetry of other applications and sent it to Tracetest.

**Result**:
- `tracetest` Helm chart deployed in the `tracetest` (configurable) namespace.
- [OpenTelemetry Collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/) deployed in the `tracetest` (configurable) namespace, if selected.
- [PokeShop demo app](https://github.com/kubeshop/pokeshop/) deployed in the `demo` namespace, if selected.

**How to start**:

Once installed, you can get started by launching Tracetest:

```sh
kubectl port-forward svc/tracetest 11633
```

Then launch a browser to [http://localhost:11633/](http://localhost:11633/).
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="helm" label="Using Helm Chart">
First, be sure that you have [Helm](https://helm.sh/) installed in your machine.

> The Tracetest helm charts are located on: https://github.com/kubeshop/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/tracetest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tracetest Helm charts are located [here](https://github.com/kubeshop/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/tracetest).
```

> You can install them locally in your machine with the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install them locally on your machine with the command:
```

```sh
helm repo add kubeshop https://kubeshop.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
```

> After that, you can install it with `helm install`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, you can install Tracetest with `helm install`:
```

```sh
helm install tracetest kubeshop/tracetest --namespace=tracetest --create-namespace
```

> Or even generate its manifest to apply them manually on Kubernetes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, generate a manifest file and apply it manually in your Kubernetes cluster:
```
